replaced cool looking box link with inline code blocks (#37263)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/building_blocks/a_cool_looking_box/index.md

To get this assessment started, you should:

> - Copy the HTML and CSS — save them as `index.html` and `style.css` in a new directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Save the HTML and CSS shown below as two separate files — `index.html` and `style.css` — in a new directory.
```
